and we're back here on the 10 count from
Hollywood smoke in Santa Monica Steve
Kim joined as always by Doug Fischer and
Ken Miller very simply put who's your
fighter of the year you know when you
ask who's the fighter of the year you
could talk from just a perspective of
that fighter who the casual fans know
about or most hardcore fans know about
or you could talk from like a world wide
perspective because in any given year
there's some flyweight and Thailand get
a straw way from Japan who was doing
amazing things winning World titles in
his fifth or sixth probe out and then
jumping up a weight class and winning
another title and you've had that this
year the IVF champion flyweight champion
a guy from Thailand I'm not ruined wrong
hey God didn't believe I knew that okay
what about I'm sick okay so he's a he's
a legitimate candidate you guys can go
look them up on boxrec and there's a
junior flyweight 21 years old from Japan
named nyawa you know it you know it is
that how you pronounce in knowing but
let's talk in real world that we care
about okay so in the real world okay
this name not just sport I like Terence
Crawford and I'm gonna tell you why he
fought three times I like that the
activity I like that he traveled his
first bout of the year to win a world
title fought the title holder in the
guys hometown it's ricky burns in
scotland in front of a hostile crowd in
glasgow totally outclassed him won the
title in his first his first title
defense he took on undated yuriorkis
gamboa who was a cuban olympian a gold
medalist a guy with a lot of athleticism
a lot of talent you Justin had some
difficulty early adjusted it was an
exciting fight he stops the guy first
guy to beat Gamboa and then in his third
fight of the year he fights a top-five
contender guy who's rated high enough to
where he actually earns recognition is
lightweight champion from Ring Magazine
I like the fact that he fought three
times I like the fact that he was
willing to travel an undefeated American
guy willing to travel overseas which a
lot of American fighters won't do I like
it the the
the level of his opposition they weren't
like a level fighters but they were all
be level fighters and I like that he
fought his last two bouts in his
hometown in Oklahoma I'm sorry in omaha
nebraska and his building building up
boxing in his own area he essentially
just stole my god terence crawford for
all of the stuff that he said right
there but mine I guess my honorary fight
of the year would be Oscar De La Hoya
oscar de la hoya was down for the
10-count with his addiction problems and
all that stuff Richard Schaefer has
pretty had pretty much took over his
company and monopolized it without
Heyman De La Hoya comes back and so far
over the past few months of the year
he's been able to become relevant again
sustain it he's responsible for ending
the Cold War so Oscar De La Hoya is my
fight or do you know he's the comeback
person of the year I think that's the
ward we need to kind of engrave on the
plaque uh I'll give you some other name
Kovalev makes a case he has bought three
times he wanted to fight Stevenson that
fight didn't happen not because of him I
think toppling Bernard Hopkins just
dominating the way he did an all-time
great I think that puts them in the
running absolutely okay I thought that
win has historical significance because
it may have been the end and maybe the
last bite of Bernard Hopkins now on the
flip side Hopkins was two months away 50
it's like you beat a 50 year old guy I
think Avila the Susan Lucci of this
particular nord the other guy that I
like but does not have the strength of
schedule as go off can I think
O'Laughlin was on pace to fight four
times his father dies unfortunately
still at a very productive year but I
don't think we can over complicate this
I think it's Crawford yes I mean when
you shut out a champion in Ricky burns
go on the road so many fighters are
loath to do like yeah I'm above going to
travel out that Thor thing that i hate
about today's young fighters they don't
think they have to have a passport when
guys like Marvin Hagler had to beat Alan
mincer in England of beer bottles being
rained out well they don't want to take
one risk and I think fighters were
willing to take risks should be rewarded
yeah and I was there that night jun 28
in Omaha
tree Link center let me tell you some
that was electric and I think he's an
important guy because he brings a center
of boxing that is not traditionally a
base and I West yes and I'll say this I
think he has had such a good year and he
should thank Mikey Garcia cuz Mikey
Garcia open the door to ya so when he
wins our award he should think Cameron
Duncan top-ranked is trainhard and mikey
garcia and i'll say it in one year I
think it 140 guys I think he's in line
to fight manny pacquiao if Pacquiao is
still around I think Tim's Crawford is
the next superstar in the sport of
boxing no question box ok that's simple
well that's it for this edition of ten
count that's our fighter of the year on
behalf of Duggan Candice of Steve Kim
saying goodbye everybody
you